Uncle Qian Uncle Zhao
Is it really the five words night market night into the cage?
Ours is not open yet.
Unknown
You don't have to look
Must be wild
It seems to you that the temple still favors me, right?
Ye Tianci
You are finished, young master
Chu Ruoxi, are you fucking sick?
Lick me clean
You and I, the stinky security guard who have been raised by the Chu family for five years
Then I'll lick your face.
Are you sick? You deserve it.
Chu Ruoxi, shut up
Do you know
The young master has given you many chances
If it weren't for Mengmeng calling her mother in her dreams every night
Doesn't the young master keep you here as a demon all the time?
I don't care
I, Chu Ruoxi, was not born to be a mother
I want to be Ye's grandmother
And my man
Like Ye Rulong
A man who can be the president of the Great Xia Chamber of Commerce
Chu Ruoxi
Not to mention that the young master is now the richest heir
Control billions of wealth
Just say you are a little cleaner
Dare to insult the distinguished guest who holds the dragon body
Deserves death